# ProductParameters

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**height** | **int** | The height in whole centimeters (cm) of a single item in a shipment.  **Note!** The value you assign this attribute must be an integer. If you assign a floating-point value, Paazl will truncate it.  Example: &#x60;height:10&#x60;  This element is intended for use by the Paazl Sell widget. Set its values using the widget&#39;s [setShipmentParameters](https://support.paazl.com/hc/en-us/articles/360008748434-Paazl-Sell-widget-methods-#setShipmentParameters) method. | [optional] 
**length** | **int** | The length in whole centimeters (cm) of a single item in a shipment.  **Note!** The value you assign this attribute must be an integer. If you assign a floating-point value, Paazl will truncate it.  Example: &#x60;length:30&#x60;  This element is intended for use by the Paazl Sell widget. Set its values using the widget&#39;s [setShipmentParameters](https://support.paazl.com/hc/en-us/articles/360008748434-Paazl-Sell-widget-methods-#setShipmentParameters) method. | [optional] 
**price** | **double** | The price of a single item in a shipment. This is a scalar value. The currency unit is assigned by your webshop&#39;s checkout page.  Example: &#x60;price:250&#x60;  This element is intended for use by the Paazl Sell widget. Set its values using the widget&#39;s [setShipmentParameters](https://support.paazl.com/hc/en-us/articles/360008748434-Paazl-Sell-widget-methods-#setShipmentParameters) method. | [optional] 
**quantity** | **int** | The number of products of a particular type in a shipment.  Example: &#x60;quantity:7&#x60;  This element is intended for use by the Paazl Sell widget. Set its values using the widget&#39;s [setShipmentParameters](https://support.paazl.com/hc/en-us/articles/360008748434-Paazl-Sell-widget-methods-#setShipmentParameters) method. | 
**volume** | **float** | The volume of a single item in a shipment in cubic meters (m&lt;sup&gt;3&lt;/sup&gt;) including packaging.  Example: &#x60;volume:0.5&#x60;  This element is intended for use by the Paazl Sell widget. Set its values using the widget&#39;s [setShipmentParameters](https://support.paazl.com/hc/en-us/articles/360008748434-Paazl-Sell-widget-methods-#setShipmentParameters) method. | [optional] 
**weight** | **double** | The weight in kilograms (kg) of a single item in a shipment.  Example: &#x60;weight:100&#x60;  This element is intended for use by the Paazl Sell widget. Set its values using the widget&#39;s [setShipmentParameters](https://support.paazl.com/hc/en-us/articles/360008748434-Paazl-Sell-widget-methods-#setShipmentParameters) method. | [optional] 
**width** | **int** | The width in whole centimeters (cm) of a single item in a shipment.  **Note!** The value you assign this attribute must be an integer. If you assign a floating-point value, Paazl will truncate it.  Example: &#x60;width:20&#x60;  This element is intended for use by the Paazl Sell widget. Set its values using the widget&#39;s [setShipmentParameters](https://support.paazl.com/hc/en-us/articles/360008748434-Paazl-Sell-widget-methods-#setShipmentParameters) method. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


