# ShipmentParameters

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**goods** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\ProductParameters[]**](ProductParameters.md) | An array of variables used to determine the applicable delivery matrix. See [Configuring delivery matrices](https://support.paazl.com/hc/en-us/articles/360009610354-Configuring-delivery-matrices-) for an explanation of how delivery matrices work.  Example: &#x60;goods:[{quantity:2, weight:3}, {width:1, height:5}]&#x60;  This element is intended for use by the Paazl Sell widget. Set its values using the widget&#39;s [setShipmentParameters](https://support.paazl.com/hc/en-us/articles/360008748434-Paazl-Sell-widget-methods-#setShipmentParameters) method. | [optional] 
**number_of_goods** | **int** | The total number of packages or individual goods in a shipment.  **Note!** If you give &#x60;numberOfGoods&#x60; a value, the &#x60;quantity&#x60; attribute of each &#x60;goods&#x60; array will be ignored.  Example: &#x60;numberOfGoods:8&#x60;  This element is intended for use by the Paazl Sell widget. Set its values using the widget&#39;s [setShipmentParameters](https://support.paazl.com/hc/en-us/articles/360008748434-Paazl-Sell-widget-methods-#setShipmentParameters) method. | [optional] 
**start_matrix** | **string** | A one- or two-letter code identifying the delivery matrix column to start with when determining the appropriate shipping option and rate for the whole shipment. See [Configuring delivery matrices](https://support.paazl.com/hc/en-us/articles/360009610354-Configuring-delivery-matrices-) for an explanation of how delivery matrices work.  Example: &#x60;startMatrix:\&quot;B\&quot;&#x60;  This element is intended for use by the Paazl Sell widget. Set its values using the widget&#39;s [setShipmentParameters](https://support.paazl.com/hc/en-us/articles/360008748434-Paazl-Sell-widget-methods-#setShipmentParameters) method. | [optional] 
**total_price** | **double** | The total price of the shipment concerned. This is a scalar value. The currency unit is assigned by your webshop&#39;s checkout page.  **Note!** If you give &#x60;totalPrice&#x60; a value, the prices of the individual goods in the shipment will be ignored.  Example: &#x60;totalPrice:100&#x60;  This element is intended for use by the Paazl Sell widget. Set its values using the widget&#39;s [setShipmentParameters](https://support.paazl.com/hc/en-us/articles/360008748434-Paazl-Sell-widget-methods-#setShipmentParameters) method. | [optional] 
**total_volume** | **float** | The total volume in cubic meters (m&lt;sup&gt;3&lt;/sup&gt;) of the shipment concerned, including packaging.  **Note!** If you give &#x60;totalVolume&#x60; a value, the volumes of the individual goods in the shipment will be ignored.  Example: &#x60;totalVolume:1&#x60;  This element is intended for use by the Paazl Sell widget. Set its values using the widget&#39;s [setShipmentParameters](https://support.paazl.com/hc/en-us/articles/360008748434-Paazl-Sell-widget-methods-#setShipmentParameters) method. | [optional] 
**total_weight** | **double** | The total weight in kilograms (kg)of the shipment concerned, including packaging.  **Note!** If you give &#x60;totalWeight&#x60; a value, the weights of the individual goods in the shipment will be ignored.  Example: &#x60;totalWeight:10&#x60;  This element is intended for use by the Paazl Sell widget. Set its values using the widget&#39;s [setShipmentParameters](https://support.paazl.com/hc/en-us/articles/360008748434-Paazl-Sell-widget-methods-#setShipmentParameters) method. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


